>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
let's go through it.
And then after that, we'll talk about what
happened earlier when that error came up.
All right, so
who is going to program this?
How about,
yeah?
>> Speaker 2: We'll start off with
const and then the object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Open bracket it up equals.
No, no, yeah, without the brackets.
>> Speaker 2: After object,
we'll say equals, open bracket,
and then name, room, weapon,
and assign the variables.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, all right,
let's run it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Are we
confident this is gonna work?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Ugh, really?
>> Speaker 3: Can you bump up that console
size?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Man, it's like
a separate setting.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All
right, you know what?
I'll just do it here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so
what do we think is gonna happen?
How about with the Diet Coke?
>> Speaker 4: What
do we think is gonna happen?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
just take a guess.
>> Speaker 4: Well,
it looks like the object at the top,
does it have the name object?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 4: It does,
okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No.
>> Speaker 4: It doesn't.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You're right.
>> Speaker 4: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's just a anonymous
object.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, so then this
should just, it-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's the problem?
How could we fix it?
>> Speaker 4: Well,
if we were writing it with destructuring,
we'd have const open bracket name, room,
weapon equals.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, name and weapon, okay.
And then on right side,
name: Rusty.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Like this?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah, pretty much.
And then, yeah, looks like we're missing
the room on the left side, but-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
all right, cool.
What do we think?
Is it gonna run?
>> Speaker 5: It will run.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Is it gonna give us
what we expect?
>> Speaker 5: Well, so after you ran that,
then you could just call name and it would
give you Rusty, I think, for example.
I don't know if
that answers your question, but that's me.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah?
>> Speaker 5: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do a snap or
something?
Woo!
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Awesome,
so do you guys use destructuring
in your day to day?
Do you guys use ES6 in
your work a little bit?
So I use ES6, I don't use it,
I sometimes use it?
Okay, most of us don't.
Cool, all right.
>> Speaker 6: I have a question.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 6: So we have tackled a little
bit about this.
We were both kinda thrown on how, so
when you're calling name right now,
I guess it's like an anonymous object.
It doesn't have an explicit name.
So when we call the variable name,
is it calling it a global object or
something, is that making sense?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
it's basically saying var name =.
Well, let's name our object really quick,
let's just name this object,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right?
So it's the equivalent of saying var name,
or const name actually,
but I don't wanna go back, is obj.name.
>> Speaker 6: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So you're declaring
a variable.
Yeah, and you're doing that three times.
So this is saving you three lines of code,
yeah, about three to do it this way.